[CLI] Feature: Add "next" to run the next unsolved exercise. (#785)
rust-lang/rustlings: README.md

rustlings run myExercise1
```

> Or simply use the following command to run the very next unsolved exerice in the tutorial:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Or simply use the following command to run the next unsolved exercise in the course:
```
